Chapter 87

"Taichi, spike it!"

"Double block!" Īzaka Nobuyoshi and Terushima Yūji jumped up together.

Kaedehara Taichi aimed for the side of Īzaka Nobuyoshi's arm and spiked.

Bang!

The block went out of bounds, giving Aoba Johsai a point.

[Aoba Johsai 24 vs 21 Johzenji]

"Ugh, that move is so hard to defend against, it's really annoying," Īzaka Nobuyoshi said, shaking his arm in frustration.

"But it's amazing! How did he do it? Did he intentionally aim for the block?" Terushima Yūji's eyes were practically sparkling.

"Why don't you try and find out..." Futamata Takeharu winked at Terushima Yūji from the side.

Aoba Johsai served over the net.

Johzenji's libero Tsuchiyu Arata received the ball.

"Chance ball!"

Futamata Takeharu and Terushima Yūji exchanged glances, silently agreeing to set the ball a bit further from the net.

"Double block!" Oikawa Tōru and Kaedehara Taichi blocked in front of Terushima Yūji.

"Heh!"

Terushima Yūji stretched his body mid-air, his eyes locked on the block, and then he spiked the ball fiercely.

"He can do it too?" Kaedehara Taichi's eyes narrowed.

The ball flew over Kaedehara Taichi's hand, hitting the back wall of Aoba Johsai's court.

"Hahaha..." The exaggerated home run drew laughter from the entire audience.

Terushima Yūji's spike went out of bounds, giving Aoba Johsai a point.

[Aoba Johsai 25 vs 21 Johzenji]

"Beep!" The first set ended.

"Ah—I really thought I had it," Terushima Yūji scratched his head as he walked off the court.

"It was at least a fist's distance away, you idiot," Futamata Takeharu, the closest to the ball, didn't hesitate to berate him.

"I really saw the blocking hands, maybe I'll get it next time!"

"..."

"Seriously, if you're going to try, at least consider the timing, okay?" Coach Anabara stood on the sidelines, looking at them helplessly. "Who tries a new move at match point?"

"Hehe~"

Aoba Johsai's bench area.

"I've been wondering....what's up with you two today?"

Hanamaki Takahiro pulled Oikawa Tōru and Iwaizumi Hajime aside, frowning as he asked.

Kaedehara Taichi had also noticed something was off with these two, but he had no idea what was going on.

Unlike Shoyo Hinata, he didn't know how to start a conversation.

Seeing the third-years gathering, Taichi moved nearby, pretending to be casual. He squatted in a spot where he could hear them, listening intently.

"Oikawa being an idiot is one thing, but Iwaizumi, why are you acting like this too?" Matsukawa Issei asked from the side.

It was rare for both of them to be down at the same time, especially for someone as mentally strong as Iwaizumi.

"You two acting like this is affecting the team too much. Johzenji isn't weak, but the first set shouldn't have been this close," Hanamaki Takahiro could feel the team's atmosphere even more acutely on the court.

Iwaizumi Hajime was the first to regain his composure and speak up. "Actually—" he started.

"I had a dream last night that we lost 0-2 to Shiratorizawa," Iwaizumi said, feeling a bit embarrassed as he spoke.

"Huh?" Hanamaki Takahiro and Matsukawa Issei were confused.That's it?

"Ah—? Iwa-chan, you dreamt that too?!" Oikawa Tōru's reaction was even more exaggerated.

Kaedehara Taichi, who was squatting nearby, was also shocked. This kind of thing happened? Just how big was the shadow that Shiratorizawa cast over them?

"You're saying that this dream felt so real it caused you two to be out of it?" Hanamaki asked in disbelief.

Oikawa and Iwaizumi both nodded.

"It felt like a premonition. I even thought I might have awakened some kind of ability this morning..." Oikawa said, making strange gestures with his hands.

Hanamaki covered his face.Were they elementary schoolers?

"Of course, it felt real. We've lost to Shiratorizawa fortwoyears in a row. It's something that actually happened," Matsukawa said calmly, not forgetting to twist the knife. "Including middle school, you two have probably lost to them forfiveyears."

Oikawa: "..."

Iwaizumi: "..."

"If you keep this up, you definitely won't win today, and your dream will come true," Hanamaki warned.

Bad memories surged, and Oikawa and Iwaizumi's expressions gradually turned fierce.

With a thud, Kaedehara Taichi, who had been squatting nearby, lost feeling in his leg and fell to the ground.

The four third-years turned to look at him simultaneously.

"Uh..." Taichi cleared his throat, organizing his thoughts. "We should focus on the opponents in front of us, right?"

"Taichi! Why didn't you say that during the interview yesterday? Weren't you already considering the final's opponent?" Oikawa circled behind Taichi, putting him in a headlock.

"Cough, cough...We're going to win anyway!"

"Alright, let's win this match quickly. Shiratorizawa is indeed the main event," Iwaizumi said, regaining his usual demeanour. He pulled Taichi up and walked to the coach with the team.

"Looks like everything's fine now?" Coach Irihata asked with a smile.

"Yes! Sorry for worrying everyone!" Iwaizumi replied energetically.

"Then show everyone Aoba Johsai's strength."

"Yes!"

The second set between Aoba Johsai and Johzenji began!

Aoba Johsai's lineup:

Front row—Setter Oikawa Tōru,Middle Blocker Kaedehara Taichi, Outside Hitter Iwaizumi Hajime

Back row—Wing Spiker Kunimi Akira,Middle Blocker Kyōtani Kentarō (Libero: Watari Shinji) and Wing Spiker Hanamaki Takahiro.

Johzenji's lineup was:

Front row—Wing Spiker Terushima Yūji, Setter Takeshita Futamata, and Middle Blocker Kazuma Bobata

Back row—Middle Blocker Nobuyoshi Īzaka (Libero Tsuchiyu Arata), Wing Spiker Rintarō Numajiri, and Outside Hitter Higashiyama Katsumichi.

To bring forward Oikawa's serving turn, Aoba Johsai placed him in the second position, so when they scored and gained the serve, it would be Oikawa's turn.

Johzenji served first, with Higashiyama Katsumichi sending the ball over the net.

"Free ball!" Watari Shinji easily received the ball, setting it up for Oikawa.

Kaedehara Taichi had already jumped to the net, ready to spike.

"Block him!"

Terushima Yūji and Īzaka Nobuyoshi, having kept an eye on Taichi, immediately went for the block as he leapt to the net.

Bang!

It was Oikawa who spiked the ball down.

"Hey, don't just focus on our little monster," Oikawa said with a mischievous grin, staring at Johzenji's players. "You guys look like you're having fun, let me join too!"

Oikawa scored.

[Aoba Johsai 1 vs 0 Johzenji]

Johzenji's players were taken aback.

They had heard Oikawa was the top setter in the prefecture, but based on his performance in the first set, they didn't think he was that impressive.

"Are you ready?" Oikawa asked, holding the ball and walking to the service line. He pointed at each Johzenji player with his finger, as if picking a target.

"You!" Oikawa finally pointed at Johzenji's libero, Tsuchiyu Arata.

For no reason, Tsuchiyu Arata felt a sudden panic in his heart...

_________

[T/N] -If you guys want to read 50 Chapters in advance of the current story, you can support me on my Patreon. Trust me, it's awesome!

Link - /Iseeblack [Remove the brackets]